our chief fathers of the families of the
our chief fathers of the families of the children of gilead the son of maker the
children of gilead the son of maker the
children of gilead the son of maker the son of Manasseh of the families of the
son of Manasseh of the families of the
son of Manasseh of the families of the sons of Joseph came near and spoke
sons of Joseph came near and spoke
sons of Joseph came near and spoke before Moses before the leaders the
before Moses before the leaders the
before Moses before the leaders the chief fathers of the children of Israel
chief fathers of the children of Israel
chief fathers of the children of Israel the lord commanded by Lord Moses to give
the lord commanded by Lord Moses to give
the lord commanded by Lord Moses to give the land as an inheritance by lot to the
the land as an inheritance by lot to the
the land as an inheritance by lot to the children of Israel and my lord was
children of Israel and my lord was
children of Israel and my lord was commanded by the Lord to give the
commanded by the Lord to give the
commanded by the Lord to give the inheritance of our brothers alofi had to
inheritance of our brothers alofi had to
inheritance of our brothers alofi had to his daughters now if they are married to
his daughters now if they are married to
his daughters now if they are married to any of the sons of the other tribes of
any of the sons of the other tribes of
any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of Israel then their
the children of Israel then their
the children of Israel then their inheritance will be taken from the
inheritance will be taken from the
inheritance will be taken from the inheritance of our fathers and it will
inheritance of our fathers and it will
inheritance of our fathers and it will be added to the inheritance of the tribe
be added to the inheritance of the tribe
be added to the inheritance of the tribe into which they marry so it will be
into which they marry so it will be
into which they marry so it will be taken from the lot of our inheritance
taken from the lot of our inheritance
taken from the lot of our inheritance and when the Jubilee of the children of
and when the Jubilee of the children of
and when the Jubilee of the children of Israel comes then their inheritance will
Israel comes then their inheritance will
Israel comes then their inheritance will be added to the inheritance of the tribe
be added to the inheritance of the tribe
be added to the inheritance of the tribe into which they marry so their
into which they marry so their
into which they marry so their inheritance will be taken away from the
inheritance will be taken away from the
inheritance will be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers
inheritance of the tribe of our fathers
inheritance of the tribe of our fathers then moses commanded the children of
then moses commanded the children of
then moses commanded the children of israel according to the word of the Lord
israel according to the word of the Lord
israel according to the word of the Lord what the tribe of the sons of Joseph
what the tribe of the sons of Joseph
what the tribe of the sons of Joseph speaks is right this is what the Lord
speaks is right this is what the Lord
speaks is right this is what the Lord commands concerning the daughters of
commands concerning the daughters of
commands concerning the daughters of Zelophehad saying let the Mary whom they
Zelophehad saying let the Mary whom they
Zelophehad saying let the Mary whom they think best
think best
think best but they may marry only within the
but they may marry only within the
but they may marry only within the family of their father's tribe so the
family of their father's tribe so the
family of their father's tribe so the inheritance of the children of Israel
inheritance of the children of Israel
inheritance of the children of Israel shall not change hands from tribe to
shall not change hands from tribe to
shall not change hands from tribe to tribe for every one of the children of
tribe for every one of the children of
tribe for every one of the children of Israel shall keep the inheritance of the
Israel shall keep the inheritance of the
Israel shall keep the inheritance of the tribe of his father's and every daughter
tribe of his father's and every daughter
tribe of his father's and every daughter who possesses an inheritance in any
who possesses an inheritance in any
who possesses an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel shall be
tribe of the children of Israel shall be
tribe of the children of Israel shall be the wife of one of the family of her
the wife of one of the family of her
the wife of one of the family of her father's tribe so that the children of
father's tribe so that the children of
father's tribe so that the children of Israel each may possess the inheritance
Israel each may possess the inheritance
Israel each may possess the inheritance of his father's thus no inheritance
of his father's thus no inheritance
of his father's thus no inheritance shall change hands from one tribe to
shall change hands from one tribe to
shall change hands from one tribe to another but every tribe of the children
another but every tribe of the children
another but every tribe of the children of Israel shall keep its own inheritance
just as the LORD commanded Moses so did
just as the LORD commanded Moses so did the daughters of Zelophehad for mala
the daughters of Zelophehad for mala
the daughters of Zelophehad for mala tosser Hagler milker and Noah the
tosser Hagler milker and Noah the
tosser Hagler milker and Noah the daughters of Zelophehad were married to
daughters of Zelophehad were married to
daughters of Zelophehad were married to the sons of their fathers brothers they
the sons of their fathers brothers they
the sons of their fathers brothers they were married into the families of the
were married into the families of the
were married into the families of the children of Manasseh the son of Joseph
children of Manasseh the son of Joseph
children of Manasseh the son of Joseph and their inheritance remained in the
and their inheritance remained in the
and their inheritance remained in the tribe of their father's family these are
tribe of their father's family these are
tribe of their father's family these are the commandments and the judgments which
the commandments and the judgments which
the commandments and the judgments which the LORD commanded the children of
the LORD commanded the children of
the LORD commanded the children of Israel by the hand of Moses in the
Israel by the hand of Moses in the
Israel by the hand of Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jarek
Jarek
Jarek [Music]